# CS300AnalysisandDesign
What was the problem you were solving in the projects for this course?
How did you approach the problem? Consider why data structures are important to understand.
How did you overcome any roadblocks you encountered while going through the activities or project?
How has your work on this project expanded your approach to designing software and developing programs?
How has your work on this project evolved the way you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable?

During these projects the goal remained the same and that goal was to develop a data structure in order to read information out of text files and spreadsheets. We were also required to display the information using a variety of different data structures and carry out these same goals. I approached each of these projects being very informative and looking through all of the different material I had available to me such as the text and assignments. I considered the requirements of each assignment and determined the best data structure to use. I did find the binary search tree to be the most useful and easy to understand as well. Any roadblocks I encountered I made sure to do my research and if I couldn't find any information in the book that I needed I reached out using videos and looking other information up online. This course has actually helped me to be a little bit more comfortable with coding. I am really starting to truly understand the language now and don't have nearly as much difficulty remembering what concepts I should be using in which situations. I feel that my coding is starting to become much more clean and readable. I was struggling with many of these concepts before, but now my ideas are clear and I truly understand the code that I am writing.
